Overages Program Redesign Updates (#8886)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/partials/traffic-overages-faq.md

### Will Pantheon warn me if my site has an overage?

> Customers are responsible for monitoring their usage and overage risk using the Site Dashboard. Pantheon periodically reviews customer usage for overages across all plan levels and will contact you directly by email. If the change to traffic behavior exceeds your plan limit, your site may be subject to overages enforcement. Overages protection exists for Performance and Elite sites on an annual agreement. Refer to the [FAQ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vaLJHXJJashwO9zsHFeywW-RQx_6uWOWH2Yr31sbQv4/edit?usp=sharing) for more details on Overage Protection and what to expect should your site go over the plan limits.

Reviewer: Link to a public FAQ instead of a Google Doc

Reviewer 2: Confirmed with Elaine and Michaela. There is no FAQ webpage so the approach is to add the link to the FAQ Google Doc. The link is updated: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A6A6Jjkr_CXjda-hD0MfMqtKUkiPqS9C7Lyh6NxKH5Y/edit#heading=h.ycgc6jrgtswk

Reviewer 3: We need to consolidate and reconcile the Google Doc FAQ with the existing [Traffic FAQ](https://docs.pantheon.io/guides/account-mgmt/traffic/faq) 

I'm working on a more thorough review round now and will likely follow up with a separate PR so that it's easier to collaborate since this PR was opened from a fork that I don't have write access to

> Customers are responsible for monitoring their usage and overage risk using the Site Dashboard. Pantheon periodically reviews customer usage for overages across all plan levels and will contact you directly by email. If the change to traffic behavior exceeds your plan limit, your site may be subject to overages enforcement. Overages protection exists for Performance and Elite sites on an annual agreement. Refer to the [FAQ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vaLJHXJJashwO9zsHFeywW-RQx_6uWOWH2Yr31sbQv4/edit?usp=sharing) for more details on Overage Protection and what to expect should your site go over the plan limits.

Reviewer: > your site may be subject to overages enforcement

That sounds unnecessarily vague. I think it is more accurate and specific to say   something like "you will be billed for additional visits unless your site is covered by overages protection."

Reviewer: @carly-armstrong is that accurate

Reviewer 2: @stevector @carly-armstrong We can say: 
 apply site visitor overages
 overage will be billed 
 pay overage fees

### What about legitimate traffic spikes?

> The internet can make any website famous overnight, and this may not be under your control. Pantheon's platform is designed to support such events, and it's one of the main reasons people choose us to run their sites. It is because of uncontrollable events likr this that all Performance & Elite plans on an annual agreement recieve at least one month of overage protection (qualified nonprofits recieve four months of protection) per calendar year.  Sustained traffic overages will be enforced and may require a change to your site plan should the traffic levels see a sustained increase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The internet can make any website famous overnight, and this may not be under your control. Pantheon's platform is designed to support such events, and it's one of the main reasons people choose us to run their sites. It is because of uncontrollable events like this that all Performance & Elite plans on an annual agreement receive at least one month of overage protection (qualified nonprofits receive four months of protection) per calendar year.  Sustained traffic overages will be billed and may require a change to your site plan should the traffic levels see a sustained increase.
```

Reviewer: @IngridKwok  @MystikSpiral-74  @carly-armstrong I think "enforcement" is an unnecessarily vague and somewhat threatening word for what we're doing which is billing accounts for visits that exceed their plan. Can we just say "billed" when we mean "billed"

Reviewer 2: @stevector @carly-armstrong  We can say:
apply site visitor overages
overage will be billed
pay overage fees

Reviewer 2: @MystikSpiral-74 @carly-armstrong @stevector Please confirm we can publish this.
